 Then why aren't we killing them?! Rick, the Vindicators only call when the universe itself is at stake!They're first line of defense against evil!They're the guardians of the unguarded! I, Morty Smith, invoke my right to choose one in every ten Rick and Morty adventures.[holds up a "Morty Adventure Card" with ten squares and all but one containing a Morty-shaped stamp mark] Read 'em and weep. Rick! Rick, stop! Whoa, yeah! You mean "two for two", right, Vance? So, this is... Vindicators 3?And you guys did Vindicators 2... w-without us? We weren't here "last time", remember?They did a whole Vindicators without us.A bunch of them got killed, too.Yeah, things did feel less diverse in there. I... think the personality conflict might have been... you. Rick, since it's my adventure and all, could you do me a favor? Rick, this really bums me out.It-It's embarrassing to find out these guys don't like us. Yeah, but not heroes. [sigh] I-I totally get it.I-I'm so sorry. [tongue-tied] I-I-I...I'm not a superhero. Rick says "good" and "bad" are artificial constructs. [annoyed] Get it yourself. Just focus on the mission, all right? Rick, whoever did this is an even bigger threat than Worldender!We can't leave now! Guys![finishes placing the cards underneath the pictures] I've figured it out. That's not the issue, Rick! Uh, what happened on Dorian 5? W-Wait, huh? [with annoyed realization] Oh, o-okay.This again? I-It's just something Rick starts talking about whenever he's blackout drunk. In a way that has no point!You just babble about defense budgets and the United Nations, and then you pass out! [sigh] You guys hit the baskets.I'll disarm the drunkenly-improvised neutrino bomb.There's a 40% chance it's a dud, but y-you should still stay back. [angrily] Too many, Rick!Too many! You always put it in the weirdest place!Um, uh, over here, maybe? Oh, I don't know.I appreciate it, Morty.I know you were sucking the Kool-Aid out of the Vindicators' dicks, so the fact that I was right about them must be pretty hard to admit. Yeah, it is.You know why, Rick?Because when you're an asshole, it doesn't matter how right you are, nobody wants to give you the satisfaction. [with realization] Holy shit.You're jealous.Is that what you want to hear?! Guys, stop!You're just proving my asshole grandpa right! I think... no matter what we put on there, we die.he said it's the part of the Vindicators he values.That means nothing.He wants our last moment alive to be spent knowing how few fucks he gave. What? [smiling smuglystarting walking toward the platform] I'll cover that bet.I get it. [getting angry] ...Motherfucker! Shut up. [gagging] Greater good?! Never said that! No doubt.Who do we make the check out to? Right? But.. she was trying to kill us! Everyone in the universe is a hero, Mom.Which is why we don't need jackets.[takes his jacket off] And I'm pretty sure we don't need Vindicators.
