 Great.Next time I need a species sterilized, who's gonna do it for me?You?I-Is that the Vindibeacon?We're being called to assemble by the Vindicators! I refuse to answer a literal call to adventure, Morty.Let it go to voicemail! They're the writers of their own press releases, Morty!They're a bunch of drama queens that spend an hour talking and twenty minutes jumping around while shit blows up.They're a phase.We did one, it was the big event of that summer.Let it die. God... fuckin' dammit![takes the card] Fine!But don't say I didn't warn you.[presses a button on the Vindibeacon and speaks into it] Vindicator command ship, beacon received!We're doing Vindicators Twoooooooooo!Uh, Morty, you might want to freeze some sperm. Oh, that's Million Ants.I can't see the ants over here.It just assumed that was, uh, Turd Man.Wiggly Turd Man. Uh, yeah, just a few more design notes.[points to Crocubot] Um, this guy.The, uh... [laughs] Right, Crocubot.So, you're half-cold, unfeeling reptile, half-also cold, equally-unfeeling machine. So, you're origin is what?Y-You fell into a vat of redundancy? Well, let me check my list of powers and weaknesses.Ability to do anything...But only whenever I want... Yeah, that sounds like a job for me. Alan Rails, ladies and gentleman.After his parents' tragic death in a railroad accident, he gained the power to summon ghiost trains.It's not all bad, though.They were spared having to see their grown son wear a whistle! Thanks, Noob-Noob!This guy gets it.It was happy hour. Uh, I was also late because of my drinking and metioned it to zero applause. Did he say he never forgets a kid? Don't worry, Morty, they love you.Superheroes need a wide-eyed unremarkable to tag along and react to everything like it's mind-blowing. [spits] Jesus... How awesome is that?I mean, they wanted to not need me so bad, they murdered three innocent heroes of color, and they still had to bring me back? Uh, the adventure is the favor, Morty.Me sleeping on these linens is the favor.I mean, w-w-w-what--what are we vindicating?Comfort? Why?Morty, [burp] I defeat gagoos more powerful than these guys every week. Oh, please.They're my heroes!Mine!I'm gonna go get a drink.Ship has arrived at Terraneus system.All Vindicators report to the... briefing room.The--The room from the, uh... the...Uh, it's the d--It's a different room than--than... conference room.I'm sorry, it's my first day as a PA system.First day jitters. Barely. Uh-huh. Hey, I can't help if I can't see. Really?You don't say.You would have used a ghost train?[sarcastic] Hey, everybody, the ghost train guy would have used a ghost train! Is there coffee?Hey, Morty, can you be a pal?Grandpa left his coffee maker on the ship.Y-You know, the French press thing? [sarcastic] Oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry.Oh, you're right.Ooh, real serious.Gotta take it real serious, huh?They're all dead! [still sarcastic] Ooh, real scared.Real fucking on alert, high alwrt over here. Million Ants, ladies and gentleman!The ant colony with the power of two human eyes!Short mission, good mission.Remember when Alan wanted to use a ghost train?See you guys in Vindicators 4.Morty? Well, have fun with that.But Morty and I have to meet a comet girl, a monorail man, two assholes and a full alligator in, like, an hour. Obviously, I came here last night during a blackout. Look, I'm a lit--[burp] little more complex than you guys and, no offense, but I've always suspected that a lot of what you do in a year could be knocked out in a couple of hours. Morty I'm a drunk, not a hack. [embarrassed] Well, I-I-I think we've seen enough.I'll just figure out how to unplug this.The Vindicators are known throughout the galaxy, but do they know yourselves?Do you know yourselves?Match your... your shit, your... your gimmicks with your faces and y-you get it, it's a matching thing.And do it in three minutes, or you'll [burp] all die.I'm not playing his game.I'm gonna find us a way out of here. Whoa, whoa, whoa.Hold on, Vance.He said you'd die if you tried to leave.That means there's booby traps. What part of "blackout" don't you understand?I thought you drank? Because my epidermis is laced with a nanofiber defense mesh. Alan, I'm not proud of what's happening here, but if you keep coming at me, there's gonna be another passenger on that ghost train. Uh, I kind of am.I saved the goddamn universe. Ahh, it would've been if I hadn't.Dorian 5! W-What?In w--In w-w-what--In what way?Like, w-w-what's my point? So, to be clear, I sometimes reference the geopolitical complexities of the topic, which is not the same as going to an anti-Semitic place. I don't either.You do you.But, uh, aloha means... has nothing to do with this room.[cough] I'm so fucking drunk.Ugh, okay, here's the deal.I-I want to rest my eyes for a little bit.I'm--I'm not going to sleep.I just... just need to rest my eye, so let's make this one simple.Just try to hit some three-pointers.And try to make it a-a lesson about yourselves like, like how... selfish you a-are, or something.Also, Hawaii. Man, I am really getting high-roaded today. Jesus Christ, what a shitty neutrino bomb.it's a miracle I actually every destroy anything. I know.Everyone wants people they like to be right.That's why popular people are fucking dumb.And why your pretentious, poorly-written, high-budget friends back there can a eat a double-decker shit sandwich.[the bomb powers down] Disarmed. Oh, come on, maybe a couple of them, but definitely not the train guy.But... you do have one thing I'll never have.And that thing is the only part of the Vindicators with any value to me.if you know what it is, place it on the platform.Guess wrong and the pla... planet will explode.And probably the solar system, 'cause I kind of fucking eyeballed the neutrino bombs on this one. I could--It could be Morty. Hey, I don't know.I mean, look, when I get drunk, I get stupid and emotional and there's no logic to it.it's, like, possible I got so drunk, I felt like I was losing Morty to the Vindicators, and maybe this is my way of saying "Okay, you can have him, but only if you know how important he is, otherwise I'll kill you." Look, I... there's nothing in the room but us.I'm just using logic to connect some dots.It's the best guess I've got. Well, Morty, I think you're making that smirky face because you're misinterpreting the moment.I am not being coy about some hidden love for you.It looks like I'm never gonna see you again.I can't really roll with the hero types, and I don't... th-they don't want me around.But I want... you to know, even if I didn't show it at the time, II really appreciated you sticking by me.It makes no sense.Everybody else had their heads so far up their ass.Even my own grandson is like, "Oh, the Vindicators are so cool."I mean, he's a moron, it's their... demographic.But you're different, Noob-Noob. [also gagging] Titty-Bean? [sarcastic] Yeah, I feel safer already. I'll say, we are gettin' some good licks in while choking to death. Ah, who cares? Morty, twenty people try to kill me every week.I end up getting high with half of 'em.I mean, check it out, Gear Head's here.Well, that's gonna shoot through me. Shut up, Summer. Who the fuck is Noob-Noob?
